Tricky crossing of LRT & 111 Street -- hopefully can be designed to not required crossing of 43 Ave.  Coordinate signalling with pedestrian crossing slightly to the north.  Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.   High level of protection at street crossings needed to support school age riders.
Some sort of missing link connections are needed in this area to improve crossing Yellowhead and heading north toward St Albert

Not sure what the best solution is!
Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.  Pathway through park will be an amenity for nearby residents.  High level of protection at street crossings needed to support school age riders.
Already a calm street and (I think) some marked sharrow pathways here.  Just needs to be completed at the west end and connected to a useable 2-way crossing.  (I beleive there is a signal here already.)
Enhance pedestrian crossing and alley route to make space for cycling.  Relatively minor changes and pavement improvement needed.
Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.
Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.  Some impact to parking.  Need high level of protection for school age riders.
Difficult to walk across the parking lots of Oliver Square
This cycle track would be in the underutilized contra-flow car lane that runs northwards along Calgary Trail.
Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.  Pathway on utility corridor will be an amenity for nearby residents.  High level of protection at street crossings needed to support school age riders.
sidewalk is already used as a multi-use path here, for the western part of the route, there is green space that could accommodate a path
Small paved path to allow non-MTB bypass of 101 Ave and Fulton ravine
Required to connect existing bike paths in a loop.
this would connect the north-south 91st Street route with the east-west route on 23rd Avenue to 66 Street.
Contra-flow bike lane heading eastbound
If train tracks are decommissioned, it woudl be nice to have a bike path that safely connects bike commuters from Argyll Road to 76th Avenue
For North or South bicycle traffic. Put a bike signal that comes on before the green lights, so that bikes can legally cross the intersection at the same time as the pedestrian crossings.
Street is not built yet.
The current multi use path switches sides for no apparent reason. 
Provide safe access to the local school and around the park
Move stop line and stop sign for vehicles before the crosswalk, rather than after the crosswalk.
Put flashing lights at pedestrian crosswalk.
A small little access could be turned into a nice cycle street 
Multi-use path to access the local school from SW
Connection needed to support east-west corridor near schools and library.  Pathway on utility corridor and park will be an amenity for nearby residents.  High level of protection at street crossings needed to support school age riders.
103 has much less traffic than 102 and Jasper and is great to bike on, but it randomly becomes a one way. Put in a contra flow that lets me get to churchill. 
Bro, let me bike through this quiet shortcut between alberta college and rice howard way to 102. Come on.
changing/widening existing sidewalk to allow for shared use pathway instead of trying to navigate jasper ave
The political cost is really cost related. The area is currently inaccessible to cars. It would be ideal to have a paved short cut through the old rail yard. 
This is an existing multi-use path along side 63rd ave to Go Centre
Street is really wide with almost no traffic.
 
An at grade bridge across Kinnaird Ravine would provide a direct route from Ada Blvd. to downtown
Improve connection through neighbourhood with on street cycle network.
We should have fewer spots on our cycling routes where people have to cross major intersections in order to continue in the same direction. E.g. biking south on the east side of this street for some ways, then having to cross to the west side in order to continue going south.
Low impact-  the curb lane is really wide here and not kept clean for biking and can be narrowed to the width it is over the ravine bridge. There would be plenty of room for a wide shared sidewalk, and fast-moving commuters can still use the street. 
A cycle track is required in these areas because the speed limit is in excess of 30 km/h, and as an added factor, there is too much traffic for people to feel all that safe if they are a vulnerable road user. 
Builds connectivity and legitimatizes users who already use this existing pathway as if it were a MUT.
Pedestrians and cyclists frequently use this corridor. It is hazardous to both.
An underpass of Anthony Henday Drive and a new 4 metre wide cycle path replacing the existing connection. Allows for the sidewalk there to be removed. 
Existing multi-use
Use the utility corridor open space to connect adjacent neighbourhoods - there will be no disruption to the road and traffic system.
Already a low volume route. Could be formalized with wayfinding
SUP along side street to connect to 142 Street
Space for SUP/some is already built
The only real disruption is crossing 95 avenue but it could be safer for JPHS students. 
Needs a new cycle track to replace existing sharrows
Separate cycle track to replace existing sharrows and no cycle route
The current path takes you on pothole ridden road and probably adds 5mins just to cross 118 ave. 
The cycle track should be flowing in the same direction as the car traffic. Currently, it goes the opposite. I have experienced near missed and witnessed lots of driver confusion when cyclists are trying to merge onto 87th ave or Whyte and they are going the opposite direction of car traffic. 
Close off Bown Wynd to provide a lack of ability to shortcut for motor vehicle traffic. And create a safer crossing of James Mowatt with median refuge, amber flashers and a marked separate cycle crossing
whitemud ravine is an amazing resource that is amazingly incomplete. redevelop existing and finally build the extension as has been envisioned
The east-west portion would follow the power line; the north-south portion would connect the existing 91st street bike route; this would benefit several bike commuters in the south-west and it would allow inner city bike commuters to ride popular bike rural bike routes outside of Edmonton on weekends.
Lots of stops to calm traffic.Could be changed to optimize bike travel
88 Ave is a route that links to the University on a low volume road. It could be a nice fiestraat. 
The cycle track should be flowing in the same direction as the car traffic. Currently, it goes the opposite. I have experienced near missed and witnessed lots of driver confusion when cyclists are trying to merge onto 87th ave or Whyte and they are going the opposite direction of car traffic. 
A delineated space for cycling reduces conflict between the cyclists and the pedestrians, and a smoother surface, at least not bricks where the gaps line up in a straight line, would make it a bit nicer to ride on. 
Follow the CN right-of-way to connect to 153 ave
Existing path
extend new MUP for remaining section from 98 ave to 101 AVE 
This one is a mess, lots of rocks, some spots are a continuous pothole, and its used as space for windrows and does not fell safe in current configuration. Maybe should be scrapped for a trail through the Clareview rec centre
Separated cycle track makes it much safer to ride here. 
Important connection between Quarters (Armature) and Churchill Square/City Hall
Cars speed along the boulevard here, and southbound cars turning right at 116 St make it dangerous for pedestrians/cyclists. The 100 Ave/116 St intersection is generally awful, including the weird contraflow stuff.
Keep vibrancy on the main street. Connect Whyte Ave and Faculte St Jean.
A new connection for cyclists to get them across University Ave and towards the heart of the university would be very helpful 
Connect campus & beyond to Groat Road path to Hawrelak Park/Victoria/River Valley Road.
The existing shared use pathway just ends with nowhere for bikes to go.  It should be extended all the way to Claireview, so it follows the LRT the whole way.
Some kind of safe path for active transit is necessary between Sherwood Park and Edmonton
102 Ave bike route
Finish N-S connection to other routes.
new paths through the new GrantMacEwan LRT stop are too narrow and have too many sharp turns to make them useful or safe for both pedestrians and cyclists.
east west connections sorely needed north of 118 Ave
Major network arm
Another ultra-wide, dead road.
Improve connection from 95 Ave. / Connors Rd. to Cloverdale Rd. and MUT.
Cycle track parallel with a 50 km/h collector road
Missing link between LRT multi path and bike boulevard connecting Ada on road path
Please connect current infrastructure to provide a east/west path for the northside.
bic
There are 2 ways to cross the Yellowhead going North/South from north central Edmonton. Neither way is safe for cyclists. In order to make commuting more amenable to the northsiders, we need north/south and east/west infrastructure.
The northside needs more east/west routes. 
Current bike path dumps riders off to cross 118 Ave at a fairly sketchy intersection, denying access to LRT bridge with a gravel road used by ETS pickup trucks on West side, and a paved road on East side.
The northside needs more north/south corridors to the centre of the city.
Would nice to connect the west end to the river valley.
Super-wide, dead road. Connect it to bike routes.
 A cycle track to ensure people feel safe among the fast traffic. 
Connect 102 Ave to 100 Ave
Fix the broken connection at the west end of the LRT multi-use trail.
Medium volume of 50 km/h traffic. Not fun to ride with. 
Connect 50th street to MUT in the river valley and Vic trail
Having separate paths makes sure that people are safe near the buses and moderate traffic. 
Connect to Chinatown
Connect 102 Ave to 100 Ave
Connect Grant MacEwan to LRT multi-use trail.
Somehow connect Terrace Heights and Hardisty across the ravine so that people from Hardisdy/Capilano/Goldbar can use the Gretzky Drive overpass without having to cycle down 101 Avenue.
On-road connection from 102 Ave to 100 Ave.
Quiet street to connect LRT path to Alberta Ave, passing near Italian Centre/Giovanni Caboto Park and BikeWorks North.
This will fill in a dead industrial/school zone, and still offer access to the Valley LRT.
Need to ensure that cycle routes built into Blatchford provide safe and strong connections to the surrounding communities and cycle network
Connect Railtown multi-use trail to 105 Ave to 121 St bike lane/multi-use trail.
the opportunity exists to develop the former CN yards with active transportation as a core component. A N/S multiuser path through the former rail yards would connect with east west routes from 63 ave (ideally as far south as 51ave) to Sask drive. 
Use utility corridors open space to provide bike paths to connect between neighbourhoods - No disruption to traffic whatsowever!
riverbend road is a very ride roadway and I think there is room to add bicycle infrastructure.
could be one of many types eg. multi use if not accompanied by a street, and cycle track if  along side the road
Avoids the Vic Trail tunnel, which never has a working light, covered in glass shards, and does not feel safe. this would provide better access to Rundle as well.
This is a major route for cyclists to and from downtown to the West end of the city.  Most of the route is on roads that are currently wider than they need to be or that have sideroads on both sides of the main road. 
A level crossing of LRT line here was part of the abandoned 121 Ave cycle track project - it would allow bike and foot access bypassing Gretzky Drive, the Yellowhead, and 118 Ave.
Ciclovia
My suggestion is to have a weekly Ciclovia on 102nd Ave every Saturday during the Downtown Market season.
The downtown Market is already extremely successful and popular but people from outside of the downtown region mostly travel to the market in cars.  As a Glenora resident with small children we go to the market regularly but would not consider riding bikes with our kids due to the lack of bike infrastructure.  I believe that a ciclovia (with car traffic closed) on 102nd Ave on Saturdays would be extremely popular and as there is low traffic on 102nd Ave on Saturdays would not cause a significant disruption in automobile traffic flow.
Add life to Jasper ave by encouraging cycling traffic.
Rail path connection on very heavily-used route.
Extend Capital Boulevard (108 St) north of 104 Avenue, and provide bike access to the Kingsway Shopping Centre.
The multi use path here ends abruptly, forcing bikes onto the sidewalk or over the grass. It needs to be about 3 feet longer to join the road. 
Existing Path
Connect existing bike routes. Bike access to local schools.
Follow the pipeline right-of way to connect to the paths from 137 ave to train tracks
Mark a Shared bike-path on the pavement of Capital Boulevard (108 Street)
Existing Path
Safe routes to the west shopping/entertainment/industrial areas are currently non-existent.  Easy wins could happen with multi-use trails along wide arterial corridors
Upgrade and extension of existing shared use path as part of the Dawson Park Master Plan. Connects ravine/river valley to Stadium Station and redeveloped Muttart site.
utilize the old rail right of ways
The bike path is pretty busy here, shy not give it the right of way and make the cars stop? They have to stop for the LRT much of the time anyway.
Minor improvement-  this busy path crossing is often obstructed by parked cars. There should be a curb extension through the parking lane to allow path uses to be visible before entering the street.
This road is already super chill to ride on and would connect the LRT station and SUP with the market, the cool stuff on 104 street and to the 100 avenue route.
Cyclists should be able to cycle to destinations on Whyte avenue. Currently, the street is unsafe for cyclists as there is no designated space or buffer zone. A painted lane on the street would be an easy way to identify to drivers that there may be cyclists, and that they deserve space. 
Con
Contraflow
Marking existing overpass above Gretzky drive
Improve east-west access across Wayne Gretzky Drive and Rexall Place site into neighbourhoods and connecting to Blatchford
Would connect 50th st traffic to the LRT not very safe, speeding an issue.
The high level bridge is the most busy bicycle intersection in Edmonton. Extending the route south makes sense to enable more suburban residents to feel safe when cycling downtown.
Connections needed to support bike travel to schools and Whitemud crossing shops and library.  High level of protection needed to support school age riders.
Current path ends in the middle of the block, extend it to at least allow to go east-west on 123 ave.
We desperately need an east-west corridor north of downtown. All the through routes are either major arteries, or smaller roads that are heavily used by motorists for "short-cutting". 
Add connection to lower trails for commuters.
Would be nice to have traffic calmed section on this road-way as a connector to the existing river valley net-work. Existing roadway is very wide, used for parking or shortcutting speeding traffic. Speed limit is only 50 so should have minimal disruption but is heavily used during rush hour to short cut
Improve connection between Railtown and Ribbon of Steel paths.
Finish the connection!
Promenade here needs a better connection for cyclists; needs improved connection across 95a St. and Grierson Hill to connect to LMP paths.
There is a sidewalk through a wide greenspace already - just need to change the designation to a multi-use path (may require widening) 
Adding a nice fietsstraat using the service streets would make for a much nicer place to cycle. The current service streets could do better for connectivity, low speed and a bit less volume, it could look like a cycle path that cars just happen to have the ability to use on occasion and the frequent stop signs are a major obstacle. 
Improve connection to 102 Ave and downtown to/from 127 St.
Get rid of the stairs to access Capilano Bridge; improve the connection to the top-of-bank, Ada Blvd, and to MUT
The sidewalk here is currently too narrow to accommodate the heavy use
It is hard to commute down this road, on foot or by bike.
A separated route is essential to safety and comfort next to a road like this. 
Add a major route from the West downtown along the river.
113 Ave is already a great bike route from Borden Park to Kingsway Mall.  It just needs some minor improvements like crossing priority at the major streets and a better connection with the LRT trail at 82 St.
This should be a major route - the bike-ability of 111 ave is challenging - some of it is not too bad towards the west however to get from The Alex to the Stadium is highly risky. Even on the sidewalk. This could be/should be a major bike lane as many people go to the Stadium. 
A multi-use path running between the South Campus fence and row of trees planted as windbreak would allow cyclists and pedestrians easy access from 122 street to the park and the MUP at the dry pond at 115 Street, protected from traffic on 51st which is already heavy and will become heavier when the multi building apartment is completed on the former U of A golf lands.  New sidewalk built on north side of 51 is narrow and immediately adjacent to 51st
Suggesting a tunnel under 106 Ave letting Fulton Drive / ravine connect all the way to the river - similar to the tunnel under Gretzky Drive connecting two halves of a golf course.
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
A cycle track on this busier collector road makes it feel much safer to ride
A new connection across a field, considering the desire lines. Paved, 4 metres wide, separation from pedestrian and connectivity to other paths
Upgrades to existing path is needed, widening, separation from pedestrians and corner radii.
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
Need a good route (not necessarily the one drawn) from Parkallen/McKernan to 83 Ave. corridor to support significant commuter trafic and Saturday AM trips to Old Scona Farmers Market.  All crossings should be designed with loaded bike trailers in mind.  (Think easy access buttons for crossing signals.)  I think traffic is already quiet enough to make this area feel and be safe for people on bikes -- perhaps no need for significant calming measures.  May need improvements to pavement to improve safety.
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades
Upgrades to existing path, widening, separation from pedestrians, and corner radii upgrades, and in some cases creating a new path
Addition of curb ramps - as newer sidewalks all get for wheelchair access - would make this park usable by bike.
Currently there is a signed shared use from 79 street to the existing MUP. Streets are wide along that section but cars use to short cut so speed is an issue. There is currently no good way on 101 ave from 50th past Gretzky. many speeders and high volume used as short cut to baseline road. There is no really good way to connect to the existing bike lane/MUP pathway
You used to be able to get through here, till someone (Northlands?  City?) put up a fence.  Just take down the fence.
Chinatown is horrible for pedestrians/cyclists now. This would connect to the 102 Ave bike route and the river valley, as well as to the LRT bike path.
Connection to Legislature/High Level Bridge/river valley.
Existing mixed-use path

Existing mixed use path
There is an existing east west cycling corridor on 109 A Ave from Groat Road that dead ends when it intersects with the North South cycling corridor on the old railway line east of 124 street. Extending a small cycling corridor east through Queen Mary park will connect to a corridor that you can then cycle all the way to Victoria School and if you feel inclined, through Boyle Street and onto the cycling path that runs parallel to the LRT going north east.
Southbound connector from 118ave to Ada boulevard
This short cut behind the University Field would allow bikes the ability to use lower traffic roads (94 or 95street) rather than 91st and 92 street (which are busy with cars especially at rush hour) when commuting from whyte Ave (82 ave) to Connors Road and the communities of Strathern, and Cloverdale and quicker access to the new Valley Line LRT on 95 Avenue
Utilize low frequency streetcar line (including tunnel) as bike route. A shared space for everyone. Think "high line" new york!
There are so few ways to cross the Yellowhead for northsiders. This is a designated bike/bus/taxi lane but is not often used as such and is extremely dangerous and downright terrifying to ride. Anything to make this route better would be appreciated!
back roads of nait could be made into cycling infrastructure, shared with cars
This is a major route for bikes currently, but is relatively low-traffic. In the section between 109 street west to 116 street it is a single lane road (each way) and ideal for a bike lane, connecting to the extended route along Victoria Promenade
The MUP that runs from 122 st and 63 Ave to the Saville Centre is great, but turns east at the Saville Centre.  The roadway that continues north and then east to the Crawford Centre is starting to be used heavily by cars as a shortcut to Belgravia Road.  Vehicle access should be limited here as it was previously.  University buy-in required. 
Allow cyclists riding along 137 ave frontage road access to Manning Crossing shopping area. Existing sidewalk  w/ bus stop discourages cycling access 
Please connect existing infrastructure to provide and east/west route on the north side.
Northbound connection from Ada boulevard to 118 ave
The cycle lane was removed last year, time to build something people would use
This roadway is currently limited to buses only, but could be easily signed to allow bicycle access to the Foote Field Transit Centre & is most direct route from 113 st and 63 Ave.
The existing path goes way north and out of the way for people going east -west. This connection should be possible with the redevelopment.
Cost is money and ravine green space, not traffic. An at-grade shortcut bridge for cyclists would make biking from riverbend extremely attractive. 

Actually, I think the ideal would be a bike-ped bridge with a bus-only lane connecting straight to South campus station. Not cheap, though.
The high-level bridge side-paths are getting busier, and narrower (with the new barriers) and were never really ideal as multi-use for the traffic they get at peak times. Put faster bikes on the top and cyclists get a faster ride at the same time as walkers get a more peaceful trip. The only negative impact is cost. Oh, and cyclists avoid the extra grade change as well as the beams and columns at the south end.
East west route between Yellowhead and 118 ave needed. 
Adding a separated cycle track makes it feel safe to ride here among the 50 km/h medium volume traffic. 
Need a good route (not necessarily the one drawn) from Parkallen/McKernan to 83 Ave. corridor to support significant commuter trafic and Saturday AM trips to Old Scona Farmers Market.  All crossing should be designed with loaded bike trailers in mind.  (Think easy access buttons for crossing signals.)  I think traffic is already quiet enough to make this area feel and be safe for people on bikes -- perhaps no need for significant calming measures.
A safe multi0use path is needed to access the two high schools from the South - either shared-use path or curb-separated cycle track (NO Marked on the street - this is not safe) 
Multi-use signage for road crossing. Cars only stop for foot traffic and not for anything with wheels.
East west route needed 121 avenue has plenty of space for a separated cycle track I think would be less disruptive than 119 ave route suggested
Ada is fairly low traffic and is existing trail. Could use change in speed bumps as they are curb to curb and after rain/snow create large puddles. 
Sometimes a cycle track, sometimes a bike lane, but, a connected and continuous network of a cycle route. 
The road in Hawrelak Park is extremely popular as a training loop for cyclists and at almost anytime of the day is being used by multiple cycists who share the road with motorists as well as pedestrians.  While the road is large enough to accommodate cyclists, motorists and pedestrians, it would be safer for all users if there was a clarification / separation of the different users.  As well clear direction for parked cars to be in parking lots and not on the road would also improve safety of this high volume mixed use road.
A pair of one way cycle tracks on Jasper. Far too many pedestrians for a shared path and far too many motor vehicles and far too much traffic for a shared street or even cycle lanes
The current bicycle route along Saskatchewan Drive north sidewalk is very well used. It is not wide enough at most points, which is incredibly dangerous for both pedestrians and cyclists. Infrastructure should be widened and upgraded to ensure safety for everyone.
A new cycle track should be created due to the speed, volume and purpose of this roadway. 
Connecting from the West to the South is difficult, as is getting across the Henday. More safe paths are needed in the South.
Need to connect existing infrastructure
Beautiful and quiet. An efficient commuting line.
The Devon Loop is frequently used by cyclists.  Cyclists currently use the shoulder that on this route provides reasonable space to accommodate the cyclists.  I suggest having the shoulder on one side of the road redefined as a cycle track (in the same manner that many highways in European countries are).  This could be done without removing any lanes of traffic for cars and at limited expense (paint) but would improve visibility and safety of cyclists on a heavily traveled cycle route.
Currently there is no safe way for cyclists in the Delwood, Belvedere Londonderry areas to get south of the train tracks to access the Multi-Use path along the LRT or to head further south of Yellowhead trail to the river valley. Creating safe routes would improve use of these existing infrastructure assests
121 avenue has plenty of space for an east west route cycle track
There is currently no nice way to ride into Fort Saskatchewan.  A MUP along hwy 21 [or neighbouring roads?] would probably not see high amounts of use, but would dramatically improve safety for human powered inter-city transportation.
Lots of cyclists in the west end of the City drive their bikes out a short ways into the country and then do longer distance bike rides from there. They should be able to easily get out to the country on bike paths. This is one such route out to the Lois Hole Park.
Excellent cycle/ foot path all the way around the lake.
Completion of the route out to the park.
Just building another path through the river valley.
There is an existing side street here that could be made more bike friendly rather than moving the bikes a block north.
Lots of room to add a dedicated cycling path on 91st. Logically, it should continue all the way to the velodrome. Low impact.
A safe loop for cyclists in the south-east inside a park area.
Major north-south route with very wide grass spaces currently - easy to add a dedicated cycling path. And it would make the commute so fast for the growing population in the south into downtown.
A nice multi-purpose path in the southeast. Good for dogwalkers too.
Lots of space to add a dedicated cycling path here. And it provides a route out to the Research Park. Low impact.