Need a good route to connect Campus Saint-Jean and the Cité francophone to 83 Ave Bike Route and Mill Creek pathway.
Alternative -- enhanced cycle crossing at 60 Avenue,  with marked connection to multi-use trail.
Too many high speed access across SUP
Very difficult to traverse 63/61 ave
There is already a trail cut into this bank which cyclists are allowed to use. Be courteous though as it is part of a dog park. 
There should be a separate cycle track, far too many pedestrians to mix well
Ravine Drive has a very high volume of pedestrian and bicycle traffic.  Despite this fact there is no multi-use trail nor even a sidewalk on this section of the street which results in both pedestrians and cyclists being on the street.
I prefer contra flow cycle track on these one-way streets (110th & 111th).  They allow cyclists to travel both ways: with traffic one way, in the cycle track the other way.  However, they could be improved with true separation to keep traffic from encroaching on the bike lane.  Many vehicle tracks in the bike lane in winter.  Also, the bike lanes are rarely if ever cleared of snow in winter. (especially 111th St.)
I would prefer to see the Whitemud Ravine gravel path remain pedestrian only to preserve its natural character as much as possible.
There is an existing MUP along here but it is not well designed for cycling and ofter crowed with pedistrians. Also there is 2 blind areas due to columns around the LRT/Pedway. Could be improved.
Riding up the sidewalk on Fort Road is pretty sketchy, and should not be necessary.

Elements that would require change at the SW end: (1) crossing 66 St safely (2) taking out a bit of fence and adding about 5 ft of paving so you can get to the paths in the Belvedere development area
Agreed, but 76 Ave is the place for this
The surface of this road should be improved in the cycling lane. Currently the deep grooves and potholes all the way along it are treacherous for cyclists, especially in winter. Suggestion: pave a two-way bike lane like you do the sidewalks, which never seem to get potholes. Or maybe use red bricks as in Europe. This makes the paths very obvious. Traffic is currently very aggressive towards cyclists on this avenue, despite existing markings reserving the lanes for bikes, buses and taxis. 
Would be great to have a separated cycle track here or at very least a marked on-street bike lane to connect the shared use path with the 121 street bike lane
Agree:  this link to LRT path is needed
The 68th Ave bike path/MUP  from Mill Creek Ravine to 99th street is very pleasant.  Unfortunately it ends abruptly at 99th street, which is a very busy road with no cycling amenities of any kind.  This suggested shortcut would make the Mill Creek Ravine MUP easily accessible to people living west of 104th street and allow them to commute downtown via the Mill Creek Ravine, which is a jewel.
The bridge is there, why not put it to use? The existng crossing of 118 ave was obviously not created with bikes in mind.
I use Whyte Ave now everyday, but get to work at 6am (an hour early)
Have had this thought many times as there is no good way accross Gretzky without busy roads. Good for walkers and bikers. 
creating a pedestrian/bike route through the old rail lines would be huge.  Millcreek area very unaccessible if you live on the west side of Gateway.  We cannot safely get across without goign way north.  This is a great idea!

Would be so useful not having to use whyte ave

a huge barrier to active transport south of the river is nonexistence of east west connectors. developing real east west connectors should be the highest prirority. To enable this, and to develop the former CN yards into an urban oasis, suggest building bicycle overpass(es) over calgary trail 

As stated, this should be developed as multi-use, NO cars.  Turning it into a road (if the rail lines get removed) would be a disaster for all the adjacent 76th ave neighbourhoods. 76th Ave would rival Whyte as a shortcut from Sherwood Park to the University, increasing the flow greatly. Mike Dickey
It would be great if this was a separated cycle track.

A bike route could share this rail line and give riders a direct link to downtown via High Level and 106 street. Would be great!
Great street for cycling, very scenic, but often cars will speed down the straight-away.  Needs better speed enforcement here.
106 Ave has a great opportunity for a road diet: 3 traffic lanes + 2 bicycle lanes
This would be brilliant!
This would be amazing!
No bike lane, cycle track instead

I use Whyte Ave now everyday, but get to work at 6am (an hour early)
use it now everyday
This is an important street for connecting from Saskatchewan Drive / Mill Creek / Connors Road to the neighbourhoods of Strathearn, HolyRood, Forest Heights, etc.  Currently a pothole nightmare.  Hopefully adequate cycling infrastructure/space after LRT construction.
This line should be broken into two parts - one from 101 Ave to 106 Ave, and the second from 106 Ave to Capilano Park. These two road segments along 50 Street have very different functionality - the southern is an arterial, and the northern is a collector.
Grade separation! The elevation change is there to make it easy.

If this was done I would definitely ride this on my daily comute.
use it now everyday
I have to cycle a short section of 101 to drop my daughter off at school.  Easily the scariest part of the ride.
100% agree. I use this route to access festivals, cafes, etc. on 118ave and there needs to be something safer to connect to the multi-use paths along the LRT line. 

Not necessary if we take advantage of the redevelopment of 96th street; providing access to 97th to the West and 95th to the East.
This would be amazing!  As neat as the occasional tourist streetcar is, a park on top of the high level bridge would blow it out of the water.
Agreed. this 7 lane road plus service road is large enough to accomodate significant improvements.
Not a good map for color blind people
100% agree. I use this route to access festivals, cafes, etc. on 118ave and there needs to be something safer to connect to the multi-use paths along the LRT line. 
definitely need East-West route here. Right of way also hase space for a cycle track which are safer at intersections
Need a connection from the LRT multi-use path to the river valley

Need a connectio from LRT Multiuse path to river valley
I am a resident of this area and am glad they took out the old bike lanes.  That said, 40th Ave has room for a proper, separated bike lane.  Parkign would have to be removed to make this effective.  There is room to to something well on this street.  The previous iteration was not the right solution.

40th Avenue is not an appropriate connector for east/west flow in this area. The major flow of people to/from schools in the area is north to south. Developing N/S connections with Ainley and the Catholic school will connect with at least 6 areas Malmo, Lendrum, Greenfield, Sweetgrass, Blue Quill, Yellowbird. Developing an east/west connector will connect with one (westbrook/aspen gardens)
We need to connect this to the trail beside the LRT track

I would like to see this ploughed on a priority basis in the winter; this would increase winter usage of this trail. 
I really like the idea of a separated bike lane on 109th STreet.  There is room to make it happen, parking is already restricted along 109, and it would be a huge improvement to safety for all.  Plus it is a good connector to to other areas.  Connects to bike paths in & around LRT & Southgate.



Although 106th Street and Whyte is an existing bike route, this intersection needs bike priority street lights, otherwise it is faster and safer to take 105 street as there are traffic lights that stop traffic on the busy whyte ave. Pedestrian crossings with no accessible bike control button is not satisfactory for a bike corridor route.
A counter-flow lane for cyclists would be best, then cyclists could go both ways.
There is a proposed separated bike route on 102 ave - that route would provide a direct connection for cyclists. I do think there should be cycle infrastructure on Jasper, but maybe more geared towards neighbourhood cyclists rather than commuter cyclists. Local cyclists move at a slower speed and may stop and shop, dine or meet people in the neighbourhood.

This is a great idea, at least through oliver. Lots of room, the street is way wider than it needs to be. This one is worth the money, the section of planned path on 102ave between 109st and 121 st should be just calmed and the saved money used here.

Absolutely agree. You could also make the flow of one lane (of the 3) of car traffic change during the day: eastbound in the morning rush, westbound in the evening rush. 
The narrow boardwalk section near the hairpin turn is particularly trecherous
I would like to see the East Bound bike line remain in place, perhaphs widened slightly, and better maintained in winter, so cyclists are not forced into oncoming traffic by uncleared snow.  This is a busy bike route that is neglected by the city. Travelling west bound in same lane as vehicles is appropriate.
I would also like to see a contra flow lane here!! 

I come home this rout every afternoon, needs traffic control at more crossings.

Just filling some of the bone-rattling potholes East of 104 St would help

Protected Bike Lanes to be installed here which are great due to the circulating traffic from Whyte Ave

Suggestion to add a two-way bike path replacing a lane of traffic. If necessary, make the direction of the car traffic east-bound in the mornings and west-bound in the evenings.